feat: add checkMissingCells option to table-column-count (#434)
eslint/markdown: docs/rules/table-column-count.md

<!-- Rows with fewer cells are valid because they render correctly and no data is lost -->
| Header | Header | Header |
| ------ | ------ | ------ |

> | Cell   | Cell   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Cell   | Cell   |        |
```

I think the original intention of this example is to show that an empty cell is okay. The following example already covers the change you made.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f096b579-0fd5-4cb0-b245-378f25f726b7)

Could you revert the example?

Reviewer: Ah, I meant that the example under `Options` is currently using a modified version of the example below, like this:

<img width="681" height="112" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5228fe9e-46a0-4a26-8a01-34335b13d3bf" />

My suggestion is to update it to use an example like this:

<img width="595" height="136" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/40b01ba7-af7c-4b2c-a48e-46b055bcc6ac" />

That way, the example could be revised as follows:

```diff
<!-- Data row with fewer cells than header -->
- | Header | Header | Header |
- | ------ | ------ | ------ |
- | Cell   | Cell   |
+ | Col A | Col B | Col C |
+ | ----- | ----- | ----- |
+ | 1     |       | 3     |
+ | 4     | 5     |
```

By using the same example both with and without the option, I think it makes it much clearer for users to understand how the option works.

| Single Cell   |
```

## Options

The following options are available on this rule:

> * `checkMissingCells: boolean` - When set to `true`, the rule will also flag rows that have fewer cells than the header row. Default is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `checkMissingCells: boolean` - When set to `true`, the rule will also flag rows that have fewer cells than the header row. (default: `false`)
```

Could you use `(default: false)` instead of `Default is false`, as discussed in https://github.com/eslint/markdown/pull/447#discussion\_r2171927150?

> Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule with `checkMissingCells: true`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples of **incorrect** code when configured as `"table-column-count": ["error", { checkMissingCells: true }]`:
```

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6c685da1-d001-4dfb-9691-3bf465bbac98)

Could you follow the convention used in the other documentation when describing this option?
